---
title: Soul Tie
author: Pst. Vivian
layout: post
---

*Gen 21:9*

*1 Sam 18*

All the time, Abraham was so cautious not to break the bond with Hagar, until that that time that God intervened.
Soul tie is like a tag, an attachment or mutation like Ruth and Naomi.
Soul tie is something that needs to be prayed about.

Signs of soul tie.



- Physically, emotionally or spiritually Abusive relationship,but you still hold on to it. Relationship where one hurts another one, handles one without respect. Everytime you are not comfortable in a relationship but you still hold on to it then it is an unhealthy soul tie. Be it in marriage, family, church or business, every relationship has to be respected.
- You have left a relationship long ago, but you keep on thinking about the other person obsessively. It is a soul tie. You make decisions based on general stereotyping.
- Whenever you do anything,make a decision or have a conversation,you see the people you once related with as if they are there looking at you, or there with you.
- When you engage in a sexual relationship,may be your spouse, the picture of the other person comes,you visualize, it is a sign of a soul tie. It involves illegal fantasies.
- You take on the negative traits of the person that your soul is tied to,and take their offenses whether or not you agree with them. It's like you begin to inherit the other person's character. You defend your right to stay in a relationship even if it is carrying negative outcomes....
  